1.  On Step two of creating the project for the client, the page loads in the middle of the page, make it load from the top.  2.   On Step six of creating the project for the client, when uploading an attachment, it doesn't show the file afterward confirming to the client that it was successful.  3.  When a client uses the message function before it is assigned to a software admin, send a notification email to development@flowfix.us.  4.  When a client uses the message function after it is assigned to a software admin, send a notification email to the software admin.  5.  In the client account, when they use a contact support, "send message" form, have it email development@flowfix.us.  Currently it errors out.  6.  In the message section between software admins and clients, there is a long generated number that appears at the top of the message, can you remove those and use the first name of the software admin that appears for the client and use the clients first name to appear to the software admin.  7.  In the master admin dashboard, in all sections and pages remove the system generated number to list projects, show the project name.  8.  When a project is assigned to a software admin, email the software admin notifying them of this.  9.  Create a section in master admin’s to create email templates for all the functions in the site and allow the admin to edit them.  10.  In the master admin and viewing projects, it doesn’t show the attachments that were uploaded.  11.   In the master admin and software admin, create the ability to “finalize project” which will end and close the project.  Allow for either to make notes about the project which are viewable to the master and software admin, but not the client and add to internal notes section.  12.  When a project is finalized a notification email needs to be sent to the client.  13.  In the logged time entries, log when input.  13.  When viewing the time entries by the software admin or master admin, show the software admin’s name.